A note of caution about the use of ca.crt (#578)
cert-manager/website: content/en/docs/concepts/certificate.md

there's no way to know that the issuing CA was signed by the root, and the
certificate won't be trusted.

{{% alert title="Use `ca.crt` with caution" color="warning" %}}

**When configuring a client** to connect to a TLS server with a serving certificate that is signed by a private CA,
you will need access to the private CA certificate in order to verify the server.
But if the client is running in a Kubernetes Pod,
it should not mount the Secret containing the server key and certificate, because:

1. That Secret also contains the private key, which should only be accessible to the server. You should use RBAC to ensure that the Secret containing the serving certificate and key are only accessible to Pods that need it.
2. When configuring the client you should independently choose and fetch certificate of the CA that you want to trust,
   download the  `ca.crt` out of band,
   and store it in a Secret that it is independent of the Secret populated by cert-manager.

This ensures that if the material in Secret containing the server certificates is modified,
the client will fail to connect to the compromised server.

> **When configuring a server** to trust to a TLS client with a client certificate that is signed by a private CA,
> you will need access to the private CA certificate in order to verify the client.
> But if the server is running in a Kubernetes Pod,
> it should not mount the Secret containing the client key and certificate, because:

Reviewer: "To trust to" seemed off but I might be wrong 😅

```suggestion
**When configuring a server** to trust a TLS client with a client certificate that is signed by a private CA,
you will need access to the private CA certificate in order to verify the client.
But if the server is running in a Kubernetes Pod,
it should not mount the Secret containing the client key and certificate, because:
```

1. That Secret also contains the private key, which should only be accessible to the client.
   You should use RBAC to ensure that the Secret containing the client certificate and key are only accessible to Pods that need it.
2. When configuring the server you should independently choose and fetch certificate of the CA that you want to trust,
   download the  `ca.crt` out of band,

>    and store it in a Secret that it is independent of the client Secret populated by cert-manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and store it in a Secret that is independent of the client Secret populated by cert-manager.
```

This ensures that if the material in Secret containing the client certificates is modified,

> the server will stop accepting connections from the compromised client.

Reviewer: Would it be worth phrasing it as "tampered with" instead of "modified"?

> assumption that the remote end must already possess it in order to
> validate it in any case.

> {{% alert title="Use ca.crt with caution" color="warning" %}}

Reviewer 2: suggestion: I like the general idea of this, but I think the two sections are so similar that they could be condensed down into one shorter block. I can see the reason for having two - mutual-TLS isn't symmetric - but I think in this case the concepts are simple enough to have an example for configuring a client to trust a server's cert, and then a line underneath with something like:

"The same concept also applies when configuring a server for mutually-authenticated TLS; don't use an actual Secret containing a client certificate."

**When configuring a client** to connect to a TLS server with a serving certificate that is signed by a private CA,
you will need to provide the client with the CA certificate in order for it to verify the server.

> If the client is running in a Kubernetes Pod _DO NOT MOUNT THE SAME SECRET AS THE SERVER_,
> to access the `ca.crt` file, because:

Reviewer 2: nitpick: the commas don't look quite right to me for this on the preview. Also a minor rewording:

```suggestion
While `ca.crt` will likely contain the certificate you need to trust, _DO NOT MOUNT THE SAME SECRET AS THE SERVER_ so you can access `ca.crt`. This is because:
```

1. That Secret also contains the private key of the server, which should only be accessible to the server.
   You should use RBAC to ensure that the Secret containing the serving certificate and private key are only accessible to Pods that need it.

> 2. When configuring the client you should independently choose and fetch certificate of the CA that you want to trust.
>    Download the  `ca.crt` out of band,
>    and store it in a Secret that is independent of the Secret populated by cert-manager.

Reviewer 2: suggestion: The paragraph before the list that this appears in ends:

> DO NOT MOUNT THE SAME SECRET AS THE SERVER, to access the `ca.crt` file, because:

so this list should contain _reasons_ not to do that, I think. As phrased here, I don't think this is really a reason not to use `ca.crt`; it's just describing the best practice. 

How about this, adding a second reason not to use `ca.crt` and moving what's currently in here 2 down below with some minor rewording:

```suggestion
2. Rotating CA certificates safely relies on being able to have both the old and new CA certificates trusted at the same time. By consuming the CA directly from the source, this isn't possible; you'll be _forced_ to have some down-time in order to to rotate certificates.

When configuring the client you should independently choose and fetch certificates that you want to trust. Download `ca.crt` out of band and store it in a Secret or ConfigMap, totally independent of the Secret containing the server's certificate.
```
